docs: dispatch proxy handling (#221)
AMDEPYC/sev-certify: docs/how-to-generate-certs.md

./dispatch-linux-x86_64 --owner AMDEPYC --repo sev-certify --tag devel ubuntu
```

You can also fork the `AMDEPYC/sev-certify` repository to build the images and
have certification results posted in that repository's issues - see
[Forking sev-certify](#forking-amdepycsev-certify-for-certification-testing) for
more information.
```
./dispatch-linux-x86_64 --owner <your org/username> --repo sev-certify --tag devel
```

> If you run the first command with no filter specified, you should see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the first command with no filter specified, you see all of the current images being hosted in the disptach release: 
```

I'm not sure if this is the perfect wording, but I wouldn't tell them they are getting the exact same screen, since it could change every time we change the available images. For example, it is already outdated
